1. A healthcare company trying to launch a new headache curing drug. should or shouldn’t they invest when they already have a general painkiller in the market.
Yes, the new headache curing drug is more specialized than the general painkiller and it is specially targeted toward people with headaches rather than general pain.
Psychologically speaking, people would believe that it works better for headaches if it specialized in that specific area. 

2. A large US pharma company plans to enter the Canadian vaccine market for a specific vaccine. please size the revenue opportunity and assess whether the client should enter the market.
2 dollars per vaccine
10 dollars per person
10-2 = 8 
8 x canada population 38 mil = 304billion in revenue times half will get the shot = 152 bil in revenue (notice it says revenue not profit) 
Yes, the client have potential to make billions in profit 


3. A much greater emphasis is placed on the ‘fit’ questions than the technical or case questions during the interviews. While it’s important to know the technical piece (case interview, math, etc.), the main focus was on how I as an individual would work within a Huron team.
I would encourage my teammates to bring out their best ideas because having many perspectives helps me team in analysts roles.

4. A pharma company is losing 3 million pound a year because of out of stock problems. how would you go for it?
Think about why would a company lose money because of out of stock= more demand than supply 
Look back at the data from the last few years, how many buyers were there including the wishlisted buyers and how many stocks did we provide?
How many potential stocks could we provide each year to make those demands for the people? 
Average them out and supply that much more stock for the following year to avoid the same issue.


5. A pharma company wants to expand its business by acquisition of another company. Which one should it acquire?
It should acquire a vaccine manufacturing company. 
By acquiring a manufacturing company that provides you the materials you need, you can save a lot of money if you own the company.



6. A pharma company you are consulting is coming up with 2 new products. What factors would help them decide how to distribute their sales force? for a particular city, how many visits should a sales person make to a specific doctor each month? what factors come in to play?
Factors: who needs the vaccine? Why do they need the vaccine? What age group? Why possible geographic areas are the people from?
Factors 2: when is the vaccine most needed? Etc flu vaccines are needed during winter, so a salesperson should go to doctors during December and January.

7. A pharmaceutical company bought a start up that has come up with a new non-invasive product that can replace the gastroband technology used to reduce weight in obese people. Tell me the market size, customer segmentation, how to price and the possible risks.
worldwide= 7.7 billion x obesity rate = 
Around  20% (average of obesity and overweight) =
 1 billion x 15% 
= 150 million is a potential market size
HOW TO PRICE
Average income = 50k = 3k a month after tax
Average rent = 1.5k
Left with 1.5k
Because of prominent capitalist beauty culture, I can assure people are willing to pay as much as iphones for the treatment 
Average price of liposuction is 3000
Around 800 to 3000 is a good price base on how much people are willing to pay for other luxuries 
Possible risks = could be dangerous for pregnancy, people on their periods etc, some medical complications just like many common medical products









8. A pharmaceutical company wants to expand to china. should they and what should they expect?
Yes, China has a huge target population that has a huge demand for American products.
Due to censorship, only a few American companies were allowed to enter the Chinese market, so competition with other American products is very limited, so I would definitely enter if the CHinese government allows me to.
Chinese citizens also view American products as superior to Chinese products.


9. A pharmaceutical company with no r&d labs has a new product for post-surgical treatment with solid revenue projections. the company would like to grow, but not so quickly that it would become an attractive acquisition target. What should they do?
Clarify what you mean by grow, ( assuming profit (
Why you would not want to be an acquisition target (assuming you want to own it yourself)

Look into what means an acquisition attractive: generating massive revenues or a brand new idea that can change the world (etc a new invention) usually due to news, marketing etc
So the generally idea to not show the world our product is so big that it can change the world right away
To do that, marketing it slowly. First only market to hospitals within a time frame (whatever the preference is), then to clinics and labs, then to general customers etc This way, it gives time for the product to slowly show its name in the market but not too quickly.

They can start buying back all of their stock so that they can’t be bought out in the open market. Once they have acquired 51% of their stock and keep it as treasury stock they can proceed with launching the new product without fear of being acquired


10. A pharmaceuticals firm is deciding which of two drugs to continue developing, and which of three markets to sell that drug in.
-ask questions etc what do you mean by market and gives some examples of it 
-factors to consider: what do the drugs do?
 How much of an impact it can change (life saving vs comfort), 
Demand and supply (how much it takes to produce)
My hypothesis of “market” is a target demographics of the patient population

The 3 markets I pick depend on what the target demographic needs.
Let say the drug is a drug that cures cancer for example
My 3 market would be 
Smokers (very likely to get cancer)
Population 45 or older (more likely to get cancer as you age)
People from China (many smokers in China)
